quilt3 metadata docs update (#3156)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/api-reference/Bucket.md

__Returns__

> ```list```: Return value structure has not yet been permanently decided

Reviewer: I don't see a reason why this file was modified.

Author: My understanding is that it gets modified when running `python build.py` in the `gendocs` directory.

Author: My old (original?) commit wasn't using the correct version of `pydoc-markdown` and so messed this up. I had to create a virtualenv to get the right version. Shouldn't be modified in the latest commit(s).

> Currently, it's a `tuple` of `list` objects, containing the

Reviewer 2: No need to scare people. If the return type changes, the API semver should reflect that.
```suggestion
``list``: Returns a `tuple` of `list` objects containing the
```

> `following`: (directory info, file/object info, delete markers).

Reviewer 2: No need to scare people. If the return type changes, the API semver should reflect that.

```suggestion
``list``: Returns a `tuple` of `list` objects formatted as follows: (directory info, file/object info, delete markers)
```

Author: Outdated comment - this is no longer in the PR
